Hi, this is my daily journal for my final engineering project.
9/16 - Today I started drawings for my final project. I drew a cone to collect rain water and a tube that contains sand and silt to filter out large sediment. I also drew them in a way to think about how I connect the two pieces together.
9/18 - Today I continued drawings for my project. I mainly worked on drawings for my water bottle. The hardest part was making the water fit with the filter. I decided to make it so the filter slides in the water bottle and has a long end to compensate for that.
9/19 - I started the day by making my daily journal on github. I then began reserach on my water filter but found that it would not be a safe project to do. I then spent the rest of class looking into other possible ideas for projects.
9/24 - Today I came up with the idea for a smart fan. I spent the rest of class looking through tutorials and ideas.
9/26 - Today we worked on sodering our owls. This exersice is to help us become better at sodering.
9/29 - Today I continued on my owl project. I finished with the resistors and the capacitors and started with the LEDs
9/30 - Today I finished with the LEDs and tested the owl, it did not work so I will need to test it again tommorrow.
10/1 - Today Jaden and I found tutorials for our fan project. I found a fusion tutorial that I really like and we drew out dimensions for the fan and its stand. I also made sure I had a fusion account and signed in.
10/6 - Today Jaden and I continued to plan for our project. We talked over how we are going to get the fan to spin and some of the dimensions. Jaden watched a tutorial on how to get the fan spinning and I started making the fan blade in Fusion 360 using a YouTube tutorial.
10/8 - Today I continued working on my fan design. I also troubleshooted my owl project.
10/9 - Today I did a practice 3-d print on a project that I made in freshmen engineering. It was good to learn the workflow for printing and how to use bamboo studio.
10/10 - Today I continued work on my fan blade design in fusion 360. I have made the body of the fan and one of the blades by following my tutorial, but had a lot of trouble rounding our the edges of the blade. I found a solution to my problem but have not yet had time to fix my design.
10/14 - Today we learned how to create a website that will house our portfolios for all of our projects. I had some issues with figuring out how to make my website show up with my personal information, but the issue was resolved and my website should be good to go.
10/16 - Today was a day to work on our digital portfolios and make sure we have everything done and submitted. I had no issues creating my docs with all of my projects and pictures.
10/21-10/24 - All of these days were spent relearning how to use Fusion 360 with a group of Kevin Kennedy's assigned by Mr.Dubick. I not feel pretty confertable using Fusion. We also had no class on 10/23
10/27 and 10/29 - These classes were used to learn how to use Makera Cam to design different things. I created a workflow on how to use the software and am very comfertable. We also used our designs to actually mill a product.




